Add log which will report dropped log count (#9752)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): make the load distribution more even among the backends which execute queries with various durations. See [#9712](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9712).
* FEATURE: [dashboards/all](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards): enable column filters in `Non-default flags` panel. See [#9910](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9910). Thanks to @SamarthBagga for enhancement!
* FEATURE: add linux/s390x artifact to releases. See [#9697](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9697) for the details.

> * FEATURE: add log to periodically report throttled log count. See [#9498](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9498).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: Attach additional information to logs when internal throttling occurs. For example, vmagent throttles printing of the OpenTelemetry row parse error to every 5 seconds. See [#9498](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9498).
```

> FEATURE: Attach additional information to logs when internal throttling occurs. For example, vmagent throttles printing of the OpenTelemetry row parse error to every 5 seconds. See [#9498](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9498).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FEATURE: Attach additional information to logs when internal throttling occurs. For example, vmagent throttles printing of the OpenTelemetry row parse error to every 5 seconds. See [#9498](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9498). Thanks to @SamarthBagga for the [PR 9752](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9752).
```
